Allow deployment of all BAP services in a single VM (#96)
bitergia-analytics/bap-deployment-toolkit: docs/provision.md

   of the bucket defined in the [prerequisites section](./prerequisites.md).
- `prefix`: name of the folder where the state will be stored.

#### GCP Module Settings (`environment.tf`)

> To deploy all BAP services in a single VM click [here](/docs/provision.md#deploy-all-bap-services-in-a-single-vm-opcional) and the [ansible playbook](/docs/deployment_and_config.md#deploy-all-bap-services-in-a-single-vm-optional)
> is also different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To provision all BAP services on a single VM, check [this section](/docs/provision.md#deploy-all-bap-services-in-a-single-vm-opcional).
Take into account that the method to deploy and confingure with ansible [is also different](/docs/deployment_and_config.md#deploy-all-bap-services-in-a-single-vm-optional).
```
